DOC: New Environment class docs pages (#644)
RocketPy-Team/RocketPy: docs/user/environment/0-setup/elevation.rst

Elevation
=========

> The elevation of the launch site of a rocket is particularly important for
> determining its interaction with the atmosphere and Earth's gravitational field.

Reviewer: Does the pronoun "its" refer to the elevation or to the rocket? I believe its the latter, so we could possibly rewrite:
```suggestion
The elevation of the launch site is particularly important for
determining the rocket's interaction with the atmosphere and Earth's gravitational field.
```

> With previously known elevation

Reviewer: The direct "Known elevation" seems a better header name to me.
```suggestion
Known elevation
```

-------------------------------

If the elevation, measured in meters above sea level, along with the latitude
and longitude of the launch site is known, it can be used to initialize an

> Environment class instance as follows:

Reviewer: At first glance, it seems that the latitude and longitude must be known for almost all methods that set up an environment. If that is indeed the case, maybe it would be relevant to comment on that in the previous subsection. For instance, we could write in the previous paragraph:

"... and Earth's gravitational field. In most cases, the latitude and longitude must be set together with the elevation."

and on this section:

"If the elevation, measured in meters above sea level, is known, ..."

.. jupyter-execute::

    from rocketpy import Environment
    
    env = Environment(
        date=(2019, 2, 10, 18), # year, month, day, hour
        latitude=-21.960641,
        longitude=-47.482122,
        elevation=110,
    )

Using Open-Elevation API
------------------------

Fortunately, there are alternatives to find an approximate value of the
elevation if the latitude and longitude values are known.

One very useful and handy option is to use
`Open-Elevation <https://open-elevation.com/>`_, a free and open-source
elevation API.

> It is built right into RocketPy and can be used as follows.

Reviewer: "It is built right into RocketPy" 

What does this mean? It gives me the notion that the API is built by RocketPy's team in the RocketPy repo.

First, initialize a new Environment:

.. jupyter-execute::

    env = Environment(
        date=(2019, 2, 10, 18),
        latitude=-21.960641,
        longitude=-47.482122
    )

Then, set the elevation using Open-Elevation:

.. jupyter-execute::

    env.set_elevation("Open-Elevation")

To get information from the Environment, use the following method:

.. jupyter-execute::

    env.prints.launch_site_details()

Using Atmospheric Models
------------------------

One option is to use the elevation data supplied by some atmospheric models.
Since elevation data is crucial for numerical weather prediction, some weather
models make elevation data available together with other variables.

> This will be covered later.

Reviewer: Referencing the appropriate section and providing a hyperlink could be a better choice. For example:

"See [Using atmospheric Models] < hyperlink to atmospheric models index page >"
